Visual novel

genre: Slice of life romance

characters: cute girl, cute boy and he rich. They obviously do not live in the same house

# LATER IDEA, JUST IGNORE THIS FOR NOW
You can play as either character, maybe add more characters later


THEY FRIENDS, and that not gonna change ever, but everyone will die for them to get together, because thats how romances work
cute girl really likes games, anime and food
cute boy really enjoys work, cooking and traveling


Could prolong this story for years, to be fair, examples ahead

Episode one, introduction to them and their life style


She is in her house, playing something, some monologue while playing, then she loses loses or the game match ends and she *sighs* looking bored.
THEN the camera goes up to the ceiling and smoothly transitions to the cute rich boy's room where he is coding something.
He stretches himself and *sighs* contented. He lifts of the computer and mgoes to the kitchen looking for food.
SAME TRANSITION as before, to the girl looking for food, she realises she should go buy something to eat. she *sighs* defeated.
Closes the fridge (camera stays) and she prepares to go out (pandemic, so she MUST forget her mask).
She leaves and starts walking down the street towards the convinience store. She stares at the scenary and apreciates it and her mood slowly goest from bored to contented.
She enters the store, and starts looking for food. gets distracted and ends up looking at almost everything in the store except the food that she came for.
Her belly makes weird glub sounds and she remembers she came for food, oh well face.
Actually gets food. She knows how to cook, but not the best at it, she amateur but not bad.
As she is paying for her foods, THE CUTE BOY SHOWS UP AT THE DOOR, what a surprise, right? not even I saw that one coming.
THE transition is from the camera focusing her and the cashier, to the camera farther away showing her and the cute boy.
SINCE ITS PANDEMIC TIME, NO HUGGING, NO TOUCHING NO NOTHING, but they awkwawrdly wanted to hug but then realised that they couldn't.
Fistbump* and small laugh.
They start a conversation.

HE Are you making %INSERT SOME DELICIOUS LOOKING FOOD HERE%?? you really ARE the better cook here xD
She smiles and says OF COURSE I am xD My fridge was hungry, so i had to stock up some foods, while i was at it i remembered this recipe, so i figured, WHY NOT, am i right?
HE TOTALLY, that is just so fuckn good, haven't made that in so long... man.
SHE AH, i just remembered, speaking of so long ago... are ya excited for school? soon we should be going back (yup, just because), I AM SO EXCITED, i can't believe i am saying this but i really miss school and the girls and the boys, man. i even got bored of playing games, its insane, right??
HE YAAs, really excited, i won't have time to make lil games no more, i can't just ignore the teacher while i code when school is back, like COME ON xP
SHE ur crazy xP coding is like magic, no idea how u wizards do that shIt
HE well, u gotta like it, i suppose. I really enjoy it, enjoy it even WAY MORE than what they teach at school tbf
SHE xP i guess, if you really like it... but still think u crazy
HE Ok, wanna go out any time? get some food idk, missed going out with ya. I guess i missed going out with ya more than school tbf, i think u are the same.
SHE maybe, but I just wanna get out of my house at this point, its so boring now 
HE u gotta make ur fun when u at home, i'd recommending learning new things, it makes u feel cool if u get it. just like coding xP
SHE small laugh... interrupted by her WEIRD BELLY sounds
HE *STARE*
SHE *stare*
*silence*
HE *lol*
CUT

New Achievement: Comedy
